micropython_micropython
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': True
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: c
micropython_micropython is a web application

qemu_qemu
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: c
  second most used language: py
qemu_qemu is a desktop application

SCIInstitute_SCIRun
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': True
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: c
SCIInstitute_SCIRun is a desktop application

torchbox_wagtail
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': True
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: htmx
torchbox_wagtail is a web application

benhoskings_babushka
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: rb
  second most used language: pkb
benhoskings_babushka is a desktop application

apache_accumulo
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: java
  second most used language: jsx
apache_accumulo is a desktop application

mapbox_mapbox-gl-native
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  ios file: AppDelegate.m
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  ios file: AppDelegate.m
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  has Android file: True
  has ios file: True
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: java
mapbox_mapbox-gl-native is a desktop application

OSGeo_gdal
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: py
OSGeo_gdal is a desktop application

sfu-fas_coursys
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: htmx
sfu-fas_coursys is a web application

ImageEngine_gaffer
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: cxx
ImageEngine_gaffer is a desktop application

BuildCraft_BuildCraft
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: java
  second most used language: py
BuildCraft_BuildCraft is a desktop application

overturetool_overture
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': True
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: java
  second most used language: htmx
overturetool_overture is a desktop application

collectiveaccess_providence
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: php
  second most used language: jsx
collectiveaccess_providence is a web application

nasa_europa
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: java
  second most used language: htmx
nasa_europa is a desktop application

seqan_seqan
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: py
seqan_seqan is a desktop application

fatfreecrm_fat_free_crm
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: rb
  second most used language: jsx
fatfreecrm_fat_free_crm is a desktop application

MSOpenTech_cocos2d-x
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  ios file: AppDelegate.h
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  has Android file: True
  has ios file: True
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: jsx
MSOpenTech_cocos2d-x is a desktop application

RobertCNelson_u-boot
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: c
  second most used language: py
RobertCNelson_u-boot is a desktop application

christopho_solarus
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: c
christopho_solarus is a desktop application

ReadyTalk_avian
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: java
  second most used language: cxx
ReadyTalk_avian is a desktop application

opscode_supermarket
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: rb
  second most used language: jsx
opscode_supermarket is a desktop application

zopefoundation_ZODB
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: pkb
zopefoundation_ZODB is a desktop application

opencor_opencor
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: htmx
opencor_opencor is a desktop application

TechEmpower_FrameworkBenchmarks
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': True
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: java
  second most used language: php
TechEmpower_FrameworkBenchmarks is a desktop application

PDAL_PDAL
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': True
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: htmx
PDAL_PDAL is a desktop application

intermine_intermine
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: java
  second most used language: jsx
intermine_intermine is a desktop application

pyne_pyne
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: cxx
pyne_pyne is a desktop application

rubygems_rubygems.org
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: rb
  second most used language: jsx
rubygems_rubygems.org is a desktop application

StackStorm_st2
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: htmx
StackStorm_st2 is a desktop application

orocrm_platform
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: php
  second most used language: jsx
orocrm_platform is a web application

QupZilla_qupzilla
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: htmx
QupZilla_qupzilla is a desktop application

Irssi_irssi
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: c
  second most used language: pl
Irssi_irssi is a desktop application

Shopify_active_merchant
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: rb
  second most used language: pkb
Shopify_active_merchant is a desktop application

sass_sass
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: rb
  second most used language: pkb
sass_sass is a desktop application

apache_thrift
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  has Android file: True
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: java
  second most used language: cs
apache_thrift is a mobile (Android) application

clintbellanger_flare-engine
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  has Android file: True
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: java
clintbellanger_flare-engine is a desktop application

results
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: sql
  second most used language: pkb
results is a desktop application

mongodb_mongo-ruby-driver
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: rb
  second most used language: pkb
mongodb_mongo-ruby-driver is a desktop application

urho3d_Urho3D
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  Android file: AndroidManifest.xml
  has Android file: True
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: c
urho3d_Urho3D is a desktop application

wikimedia_pywikibot-core
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: htmx
wikimedia_pywikibot-core is a desktop application

unclebob_fitnesse
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: java
  second most used language: jsx
unclebob_fitnesse is a desktop application

vispy_vispy
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': True
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: jsx
vispy_vispy is a web application

supercollider_supercollider
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: py
supercollider_supercollider is a desktop application

Spesmilo_Electrum
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: java
Spesmilo_Electrum is a desktop application

github_linguist
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: rb
  second most used language: jsx
github_linguist is a desktop application

HAProxy_haproxy-1.5
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: c
  second most used language: pl
HAProxy_haproxy-1.5 is a desktop application

exercism_exercism.io
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: TotalLOC
  second most used language: TotalLOC
exercism_exercism.io is a desktop application

MyGUI_mygui
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: TotalLOC
  second most used language: TotalLOC
MyGUI_mygui is a desktop application

Unidata_thredds
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: java
  second most used language: htmx
Unidata_thredds is a desktop application

NancyFx_Nancy
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cs
  second most used language: htmx
NancyFx_Nancy is a desktop application

tinkerpop_tinkerpop3
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: TotalLOC
  second most used language: TotalLOC
tinkerpop_tinkerpop3 is a desktop application

nfs-ganesha_nfs-ganesha
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: c
  second most used language: py
nfs-ganesha_nfs-ganesha is a desktop application

wp-e-commerce_WP-e-Commerce
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': True
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: php
  second most used language: jsx
wp-e-commerce_WP-e-Commerce is a web application

leapmotion_autowiring
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: htmx
leapmotion_autowiring is a desktop application

stephenmcd_mezzanine
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': True
  has dir 'css': True
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: jsx
stephenmcd_mezzanine is a web application

liamw9534_mopidy
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: py
  second most used language: jsx
liamw9534_mopidy is a desktop application

Icinga_icinga2
  has Android file: False
  has ios file: False
  has dir 'static': False
  has dir 'css': False
  has dir 'public_html': False
  most used language: cxx
  second most used language: sql
Icinga_icinga2 is a desktop application

